Is society limited by political boundaries? Some countries were created less than 50 years ago by the division of a former bigger country.
We chose democracy not for its benefits, but for its difference from tyranny.
For political success, a government leader should be impeccable.
Do government leaders have enough time to manage their private business? 
Climate change can be defeated by globalization.
Will all countries become democratic in the long run?
Donald Trump works against overpopulation in the US.
Does Trump have a conflict of interests between his presidency and his business? Many representatives of his administration are the leaders of media companies.
Are election campaigns a waste of money?
Are the governments taking a reasonable effort to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic?
Are wars always started by politicians?
Is it possible to eliminate corruption among the officials?
Should the world cancel nuclear weapons and destroy them?
Terrorism is a powerful political instrument.
Can public protests influence the decisions of the government?
Were civil wars caused by the mistakes of local authorities?
Is nationalism better than globalization?
Is it fair that votes of people with different levels of education, life, and cultural background have equal weight at elections?
Who was the best president in the United States, and why?
Politics is the art of making the best out of the worst.
Donald Trump’s relation to other countries is markedly different from his predecessors, but it turned out to be beneficial for the economy.
Federalists and democratic-republicans strive for the same purposes by different means.
Without economic competition, even the wealthiest country will become weak.
Politics means actions, not long-winded rhetorics about those actions.
Talented people create a country’s wealth, not money.
Why don’t other parties, different from the Federal and Republican Parties, avail of the same popularity in the US?
How do political electoral campaigns use mass media?
Think of the reason why the US has never had a female president?
Should firearm regulations become stricter?
Is it the government’s duty to combat gambling addiction?
If every vote is important, why don’t many people show up for elections?
Was Brexit caused by political or economic reasons?
What are the factors supporting the last monarchies?
What role could be played by local politics to prevent Catalogna from separation from Spain?
What were the successes and failures of the UN in settling various conflicts?
What hinders certain countries from entering the African Union?
How will the integration of Hong Kong influence China?
When should we expect new countries to enter the EU, and what will they be?
Could the global spread of cryptocurrency undermine the existing political systems?
What caused the victory of far-rightists at the last national and local elections to the European Council?